Are you Christmas, because I want to Merry you.
Are you interested in seeing the "North Pole"?
Are you looking for a tree topper? Because I've been told I'm a star on top.
Are you sitting on a candle? Because your booty is on fire.
Are you tinsel? Because I want you all over my tree
Baby, we need to get together before Christmas, because you can't spell "love" with No-el.
Believe me if you ever saw it, you would even say it glows!
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Call me Rudolph, because you just sleighed me.
Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa exactly what I want for Christmas?
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Come sit on my lap. I've got a special gift just for you.
Did you ask Santa for a rhino this year? Because you look like you could use something horny.
Do you celebrate Boxing Day? Because you're the whole package.
Do you hear jingle bells? No? Then I'll have to ignore the ring in my ears like I'm ignoring the ring on your finger.
Do you like the song "Jingle Bells"? Because you look like you go all the way!
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Even Santa doesn't make candy as sweet as you.
Good tidings aren't the only thing I can give you.
He may have a nice car but I have a fast sleigh.
Hey Babe, when was the last time you did it in a sleigh?
Hey Cutie, ever do it in a sleigh?
Hey, let me take you out on a first date in the snow - I promise I'm not a flake-y person.
Hi, Santa said you wished for me. Good choice.
How about I slip down your chimney at half past midnight?
How about sitting on my lap and seeing what pops up?
How about you show me peace on Earth and I'll show you good will toward men?
I can get you off the Naughty List.
I can tell you're quite the elf-a male.
I could work with the elves in the ribbon-tying department because I'm a pretty knotty girl.
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
I don't have a foot fetish, but I'm pretty into mistle-toe.
I have the stamina of a jolly, fat man - I can go all night long.
I just got some mistletoe, how about we go back to my place and try it out?
I know its not Christmas, but Santa's lap is always ready.
I know when you've been bad or good...so let's skip the small talk!
I like milk and cookies but I would rather have you.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I see you when you're sleeping & you don't wear any underwear...
I take romance to a new level - I don't cuddle, I hibernate.
I'd definitely let you join in my reindeer games.
I'm like a Christmas present - you'll love waking up to me in the morning.
I'm not Santa, but you can sit on my lap.
I've checked it twice, and I'm sure you're on my "naughty" list.
I've got something special in the sack for you!
I've got something you can hang a wreath on.
I've got you on my "nice and naughty list!
I've got the keys to the sleigh tonight.
If I were a snowman, I'd melt standing next to you cause you're just too hot for me to handle
If you jingle my bells I'll promise you a white christmas.
If you wake up in a box tomorrow morning, it's cause I asked for the sexiest person in the world for Christmas.
If you were a reindeer, you'd be Cupid, because your friend is looking fine tonight. Can you introduce me?
If you were a tree, you'd be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
If your left leg is Thanksgiving and your right leg is Christmas, can I come visit you between the holidays?
If your legs are Christmas and New Years, can i visit you between the holidays?
Interested in seeing the "North Pole"? (Well, that's what the Mrs. calls it)
Is that a candy cane in your pocket, or are you just struggling to contain your excite-mint?
Is your name "Kwanzaa"? Because I'd love to do you for a whole week.
Is your name Jingle Bells, cause you look like you go all the way.
Let's get out of here and explore the North Pole. I'm a rebel without a Claus.
My best toys run on batteries.
My love for you is like a fruitcake during the holidays - nutty, spicy and unavoidable, no matter how hard you try.
Nice wrapping but I need to inspect it.
Please do not be alarmed if a big man wearing a red suit picks you up and throws you into a bag. (Why?) Because I asked for you for Christmas.
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
Screw the nice list, I've got you on my "nice and naughty list!
Shouldn't you be on top of the tree, Angel?
Shouldn't you be sitting on top of my tree, Angel?
So, what will it be - naughty or nice?
Some of my best toys run on batteries...
That's not a candy cane in my pocket. I'm just glad to see you!
The milk and cookies at my place taste good for breakfast, too.
Those aren't sugar plums dancing through my head, it's all you.
Wanna check out my mistletoe belt buckle?
Wanna meet Santa's little helper?
Wanna Scrooge?
Wanna see my 12-inch elf?
What do you say we make this a "not-so-silent" night?
What's a nice girl like you doing on a naughty list like this?
Who needs a sled when you can just ride me?
Would you like to come to my place and light my Yule log?
Yes, that is a candy cane in my pocket, and I am glad to see you.
You are the reason Santa even has a naughty list
You are what I want for Christmas.
You can take me home tonight, but only if Yuletide-y up your place.
You know I would love to show you the toys my elves make for adults.
